# 2022 CROW Dashboard data quality year overview

## BAQME

- From 2022-02-11 +- 13:20 until 2022-02-15 12:40 there were no vehicle updates, because of an error in the BAQME feed. Result is that:

  1. in the 'parked' data vehicles seem to be standing still in public space for a long time (although they have been used for sure)
  2. in the 'rentals' data no rentals were done in those 4 days

## Bird

- From ?? until ??? Bird data cannot be trusted. The data feed didn't share vehicles most of the time, which gives unreliable results
- From 2022-02-21 Bird data is available in the CROW Dashboard

## GO Sharing

- From 2022-01-01 until ?? the rentals were missing in the GO Sharing data. Because of this all information related to rentals is unreliable. In example you can't trust "amount of rentals per day", "amount of rentals per vehicle per day" and "average rental time"

## Felyx

- Until 2022-03-29 Enschede was missing in the Felyx data
- From 2022-01-01 until 2022-01-27 18:28 Haarlem and Den Bosch were missing in the Felyx data

## LIME

- From 2022-01-01 until ?? no data was available, because the LIME GBFS feed didn't meet the specifications

## General comments

- From 2022-04-11 **13:35**, the Redis server of Dashboard Deelmobiliteit has been disabled because of a bug. The Redis server has been enabled again at 2022-04-11 **13:55**. Result is that for these 20 minutes the Dashboard Deelmobiliteit hasn't been recording any mobility data from the connected providers.<br /><br />Because of the Redis outage on 2022-04-11 we've made a fix<sup>1</sup> in the data. Park events with end time `2022-04-11T15:00:00` are not completely reliable. For these park events it could be that there have been multiple park events in that period of time, instead of only 1. It could also be that these park events did start but not end (but set an end time manually). The result is that there's is a sort of glitch in the 'parked data' on April 11th, that does not have big influence on analyses if you analyse a week or year. If you analyse only April 11th, you'll notice that the average parking duration seems longer than an similar day, and that there seem to be a bit less park events (because this data is missing).

_____


## Technical documentation

### Reference <sup>1</sup>

```
UPDATE
park_events
SET end_time = '2022-04-11T15:00:00'
WHERE end_time is null
AND bike_id IN (
    SELECT bike_id                                                                           
    FROM (SELECT bike_id, COUNT(*), max(park_event_id) as exclude_park_event_id
        FROM park_events 
        WHERE end_time is null group by bike_id) AS q1 WHERE count > 1
)
AND park_event_id NOT IN(
SELECT exclude_park_event_id                                                                           
    FROM (SELECT bike_id, COUNT(*), max(park_event_id) as exclude_park_event_id
        FROM park_events 
        WHERE end_time is null group by bike_id) AS q1 WHERE count > 1
);
```